Update docs 4 (#18)
cloudfieldcz/shieldoo-mesh-docs: docs/pages/1_user/02_connect_me.md

>- Update Shieldoo Client - _If a new client version is available, you can update it using this option_.
>- Disconnect - _Use this option to disconnect from the network without losing your login credentials_.
>- Specify Shieldoo network - _Use this option to change the network URL parameter_.
>- Favorite Shieldoo Networks - _Use this option to save a list of your networks and switch between them._
>- Enable Auto Start - _The use option allows the client to start automatically when the OS boots._ 
>- Enabled automatic disconnect - _The use option allows you to save costs because, after 20 minutes of inactivity to connect to any server or access service, the client will automatically disconnect from the network._
>- My access rights on the Shieldoo network - _Use this option to redirect to a list of my access rights._
>- Version - _Displays the currently installed version of the client._
>- Exit - _Use option to exit the client._

### Connect to Servers
To see the list of available servers, go to __Connect Me__ \| __My Access Rights__ in the Shieldoo web application.

{% include img.html src="../../images/ConnectMe15.gif" alt="Connect Me | My Access Rights" %}

> It will show the list of available servers with information about their names, IP addresses and descriptions. In the descriptions, your admin will tell you what a particular server is for and how to connect to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It will show the list of available servers with information about their names, IP addresses and descriptions. In the description, your admin tells you what a particular server is for and how to connect to it.
```
